checkov: add page (#12402)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/checkov.md

# checkov

> > Checkov is a static code analysis tool for infrastructure as code (IaC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Checkov is a static code analysis tool for Infrastructure as Code (IaC).
```

> It is also a software composition analysis (SCA) tool for images and open source packages.
> More information: <https://www.checkov.io/1.Welcome/Quick%20Start.html>.

- Scan a directory containing IaC (Terraform, Cloudformation, ARM, Ansible, Bicep, Dockerfile, etc):

> `checkov --directory {{path/to/IaC_directory}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`checkov --directory {{path/to/directory}}`
```

> - Scan a IaC file, omitting code blocks in the output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan an IaC file, omitting code blocks in the output:
```

> - Scan a IaC file and omit any code block in output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan a IaC file, omitting code blocks in the output:
```

> `checkov --compact --file {{path/to/IaC_file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`checkov --compact --file {{path/to/file}}`
```
